c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\WindowsApp3.exe.config
c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\WindowsApp3.exe
c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\WindowsApp3.pdb
c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\WindowsApp3.xml
c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Login.resources
c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Resources.resources
c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.exe
c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.xml
c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.pdb
c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\Information.mdf
c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\Information_log.ldf
c:\users\rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.TeacherMenu.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.ModifyUsers.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Details.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.ListOfStudents.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.ModifyQuestions.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Stats.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.ChangePass.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.PreQuestion.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Question.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Game.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Upgrades.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\Information.mdf
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\Information_log.ldf
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\WindowsApp3.exe.config
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\WindowsApp3.exe
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\WindowsApp3.pdb
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\WindowsApp3.xml
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.ChangePass.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Details.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Game.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.ListOfStudents.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Login.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.ModifyQuestions.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.ModifyUsers.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.PreQuestion.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Question.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Stats.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.TeacherMenu.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.Upgrades.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.exe
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.xml
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.pdb
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.ResetStats.resources
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\WindowsApp3.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\bin\Debug\WindowsApp3.application
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Rahman\Documents\windowsapp3\WindowsApp3\obj\Debug\WindowsApp3.application
